Improve `Beatmap_ranking_procedure` and `Beatmap_ranking_procedure/Ranking_queue` (#13991)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Beatmap_ranking_procedure/Ranking_queue/en.md

# Beatmap ranking queue

> The **ranking queue** manages moving [beatmaps](/wiki/Beatmap) from [Qualified](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#qualified) to [Ranked](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#ranked). Every day, 16 beatmaps from each [game mode](/wiki/Game_mode) are able to move from Qualified to Ranked.

Author: why can't I add suggestions to batch except the last one 😢

> The **ranking queue** manages moving [beatmaps](/wiki/Beatmap) from [Qualified](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#qualified) to [Ranked](/wiki/Beatmap/Category#ranked). Every day, 16 beatmaps from each [game mode](/wiki/Game_mode) are able to move from Qualified to Ranked.

Author: not even the last one this time 😅

A timer of 7 days is set when a beatmap enters Qualified. It counts how many days a beatmap should stay in Qualified before it can be ranked. When the timer of a beatmap reaches zero, it is eligible to be ranked on that day. The exact time of day that beatmaps get ranked is random.

Problem/Suggestion stamps posted under a beatmap's discussion page will not stop the timer from counting down, but will stop it from being ranked after the timer reaches zero in 7 days and pause. Once all problems and suggestions are resolved, the beatmap will be able to continue ranking.

> Additionally, beatmaps may went through [disqualification](/wiki/Beatmap_ranking_procedure#nomination-resets) if issues are found and need to be addressed, which may change the timer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, beatmaps may be [disqualified](/wiki/Beatmap_ranking_procedure#nomination-resets) if issues are found and need to be addressed, which may alter the timer.
```
